<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xml:lang="en" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Afterword</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        href="css/style.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        href="css/media.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="afterword" class="element element-non-bodymatter element-container-single element-type-afterword element-with-heading" role="doc-afterword" epub:type="afterword">
    <div class="heading heading-container-single heading-size-full heading-format-full heading-alignment-flexible heading-without-image">
      <div class="heading-contents">
        <div class="title-subtitle-block title-block-without-element-number">
          <div class="element-number-block">
          </div>
          <div class="title-block">
            <h1 class="element-title case-upper">AFTERWORD</h1>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="text" id="afterword-text">
      <p class="first first-in-chapter first-full-width">Poetry has the ability to capture the essence of these experiences in a way that is both universal and deeply personal. Through the use of language, imagery, and emotion, these poems offer a glimpse into the hearts and minds of new mothers, as well as the human experience as a whole.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">As a poet, I have always believed that words have the power to heal, to comfort, and to connect us to one another. In Tender Mercies, I have attempted to do just that, to offer a space of solace and understanding for new mothers who may be feeling overwhelmed or alone.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">But this book is not just for new mothers. It is for anyone who has ever felt the weight of the world on their shoulders, who has ever struggled to find meaning in the midst of chaos, who has ever longed for connection and understanding.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">In these pages, you will find poems that speak to the heart of what it means to be human. Poems that capture the beauty and complexity of life, that offer hope and comfort in the face of adversity, and that remind us of the power of love and connection.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">As I reflect on this collection, I am struck by the resilience of the human spirit, by the way in which we are able to find light in even the darkest of places. These poems are a testament to that resilience, to the power of the human heart to overcome even the most difficult of circumstances.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">I hope that Tender Mercies will serve as a reminder that we are all in this together, that we are all connected by the experiences of life, and that we all have the power to offer comfort and connection to one another through the power of words.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">Thank you for taking this journey with me, for sharing in these moments of tenderness and connection. May these poems offer you comfort, hope, and a sense of belonging in this world.</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
