<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xml:lang="en" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Introduction</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        href="css/style.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        href="css/media.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="introduction" class="element element-non-bodymatter element-container-single element-type-introduction element-with-heading" role="doc-introduction" epub:type="introduction">
    <div class="heading heading-container-single heading-size-full heading-format-full heading-alignment-flexible heading-without-image">
      <div class="heading-contents">
        <div class="title-subtitle-block title-block-without-element-number">
          <div class="element-number-block">
          </div>
          <div class="title-block">
            <h1 class="element-title case-upper">INTRODUCTION</h1>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="text" id="introduction-text">
      <p class="first first-in-chapter first-full-width">Welcome to Tender Mercies, a collection of poems that speaks to the heart of new mothers. As a poet, I have always been drawn to the power of words to heal, inspire, and connect us to one another. In this book, I have sought to capture the unique experience of motherhood and the many emotions that come with it.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">Becoming a mother is a transformative experience that can be both joyful and challenging. It is a time of great vulnerability and growth, as we learn to care for a new life while also navigating our own needs and emotions. In these poems, I have tried to capture the full range of this experience, from the quiet moments of tenderness to the overwhelming feelings of love and fear.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">One of the things that makes poetry such a powerful medium for exploring motherhood is its ability to capture the nuances of our emotions. Through the use of metaphor, imagery, and rhythm, we can express the inexpressible and give voice to the feelings that are often too complex for words. In these poems, I have tried to do just that, to create a space where new mothers can find comfort, connection, and understanding.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">But this book is not just for new mothers. It is for anyone who has ever experienced the transformative power of love. Whether you are a father, a grandparent, or simply someone who has loved and cared for another, these poems speak to the universal human experience of connection and compassion.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">In a world that can often feel cold and disconnected, poetry has the power to remind us of our shared humanity. It can help us to see the beauty in the everyday moments of life and to find meaning in the midst of chaos. It can offer us a way to connect with one another across time and space, to feel the presence of those who have come before us and those who will come after.</p>
      <p class="implicit-break"></p>
      <p class="first first-in-section first-full-width">As you read these poems, I invite you to open your heart and your mind to the possibilities of connection and compassion. May they bring you comfort, joy, and a renewed sense of hope. May they remind you of the power of words to heal, to inspire, and to connect us to one another. And may they offer you a glimpse into the tender mercies that surround us all.</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
